Minor correction to release management guide (#48)
openremote/Documentation: docs/user-guide/deploying/release-management.md

As you can see in the commit the manual migration steps are:

> 1. Remove the directories of the submodule(s)

Reviewer: This section is about the full migration so it is important the submodule configuration is also removed.

WDYT about:

```suggestion
1. Remove the Git submodule(s) (`.gitmodules`) and each submodule directory (e.g. `openremote`)
```
